1.MS (OUT OF INDIA)-For MS,you need to give GRE entrance. 
					Most of the students prefer US for doing MS.
				But it is important to get good score in GRE to get reputed Institute.
				With GRE score , one need strong academics record and extra curricular to secure admission in niche college .
				You research job option after doing MS in USA.
				
2.PREPARE FOR CIVIL SERVICES-Bureaucratic positions never lose its charm, come what may.
							No doubts it’s a tough cookie to crack but only students like you become successful IAS, IPS, IES officers.
							If you want to come in main streamline then go for IAS and if you are interested in engineering services profile then go for IES
			
			
3.ENTREPRENEURSHIP-	Who doesn’t want to be his own boss? Scintillating but challenging career option after B.tech. 
					We say it challenging because with minimal work experience, at times it gets very challenging to survive in cut throat competition coming from established and experienced business set ups.
					Not putting damper on your thoughts though. 
					If you believe in yourself and has proven some actual results during your studying years then give your entrepreneurial skills a go. 
					After all established businesses have also taken the leap and started from somewhere.	

4.MBA OR MBA ABROAD-MBA is quite a rage these days. Regardless of graduation stream, everyone wants to hit the IIM tag. 
					If you are more inclined towards corporate world and managerial position rather than a core engineering technical profile then MBA is for you. 
					It’s a lucrative career option for engineering aspirants.
					But, don’t go by the myth that MBA from engineering background fetch more salary than others. 
					It’s a myth. Reality is engineering students happens to qualify more score in CAT which help them attain admission in top B schools like IIM, XLRI, FMS etc and that is the key behind good salary figures.
					You can look for following MBA branches as your career- Management, Finance, Banking, Consultancy, International Relations.				
					Prepare for Civil Services				

5.MTECH-			You can do M. Tech as well I don’t know in which stream you have done your engineering so according to your engineering degree you can take admission in M. Tech, In masters of technology more focused on research work, you will focus on a particular subject and you will become an expert of that subject.
					A Master of Engineering or Master of Technology or Master of Science in Technology is a postgraduate program in engineering or technology field.
					This is generally a 2-year specialization program in a specific branch of engineering or a technical field.
					